good evening with a raphael
ibanez and we talked about this victory
enhanced that could possibly
take the bordelais ben in the
european cutting margins it was us
had said it a dream but it was not necessary
especially not galvauder this game there
had already won we'll see you
re did the summary of this match where you
did you start it well because
that you immediately mark the
first points after a minute in
taking a penalty because bernard and then
after this pass at the foot of Bernard
for the first test that will be validated at
the video with a young lonca had
a lot of French as the French
even in this line of three quarters to
departure you have taken a good start
even though behind the biarrots are going
take orders is what you
you're told for a moment that this match
went wrong and that upon arrival
baala the series of three defeats that
you had to let it go on
could have happened
indeed it is true that we must salute
the enterprising spirit players of the
biarrots who was also able to
take risks at times
of the match and I think the merit of the
baby's players is to have done
evidence also of discipline having been a
little more structured in the second
part of the meeting but because the
first quarter of an hour actually huh on
sees biarrots trying things
who will even manage to score a
first try with this long long
action this ball against the foot by
eddie thomas who will flatten will allow
to the roe sapwood to come back to 8 to 7 with
the transformation of benoît baby who
was playing at the opening today for
biarritz and we see you a little bit
annoyed because they even go
biarrots manage to pass in front of the
21st minute with a death
desgourgues holds the gurus who
will play with you next season
and then gradually though this
team of the bordeaux bègles union which has
managed to come back in this match has mostly
to get your hands on the balloon we got it
felt that all you
had shown this season was good
installed to know this ability to good
carried the ball to good control and has
weighed more and more on the defense
adversary is behind has benefited even
sometimes on balloons a little bit
rendered but with a line of three
quarters that makes the difference that this
test of the bourhis you will notice
3d and it's in stride in this
first folds concluded half time yes it's
a very nice party to finish so at
chaban delmas with his great audience
the players really cared
to be enterprising to be in
the advance is what we did to the six
years in second half with with
fronts that are shown conquering so
that's it's also very very positive
this is a big state race
of spirit we saw them is the bourhis
in the 27th minute two minutes after the
before you talk to mrs harel
which comes upside down three biarrots for
to flatten the test that will bring the
mark at 25 to 17 in favor of bordelais
then
we see again the tide that carries with him
the defense of biarritz a few moments
after under the eyes of vincent etcheto
although almost the same action with
a penalty played very quickly by
by amy adams and this balloon is going to be
recovered this time not by bruce who
just flatten to bring the mark to 32
at 17 that's it at that moment with four
tests at 2 is that at that moment there is
what is your speech in the
cloakroom at half time you have to think
now to the offensive bonus
I think the players had it in
head from the start of the match but
it is true that the danger would have been
too much rushing he had to find
a little over six years in second
half time doing simple things for
then unlocked situation then you
come out well because there is an essay
refused to biarrots at the end of the first
period 1 refuses the beginning of the second
period we have seen dimitri's eyes
yachvili imanol harinordoquy who did
the business trip
what effect the investments even if it does not
not playing today we saw back
damien traille who can not help
here amy adams to go and finally mark this
offensive bonus to lead 39 av ar bon
the second period from that moment
there was a little more confused in
how far we guys had
nothing else to gain you had done this
that needed with a bonus that is going to be
comforted with the fakate test
granted to the video
and then in the wake you will do
enter your fatal weapon
you got the balls that we had left to
13 tests we will see both tests
marked by were leaving the sludge on TV
But this is also the sign of a
Bordeaux team that even manages to
get out of the stars that's how you
tell me about it before
match but we think this team
account for hen still in technical
and for me in particular was done in
so that all players give each other
in the field without special status
but you were a little inside since
a few games and he
very very nice answer with two
tests late in the game and he has the secret
and that's also very good for the
yes yes the management of raphael
ibanez who is a little stung his
Fijian winger and and we leave you for
pleasure the last try the eighth
test marked by the Girondins
with the pass to the foot and look at you
the balls to we think that ball goes
go out and plunge at the last moment
the 80th minute an essay that will be granted
to the video for a final victory 54 at
20 here at chaban-delmas it was also
the opportunity to show that
relocations are not
relocations
it's almost now your home
chaban delmas it will continue that
works very very well there was
thirty thousand spectators today
exceptional it is a dirty property and she
is magic for the players that's theirs
allows you to transcend yourself and that's true
that since the beginning of the season since the
first game I asked them to be
thoroughly and then from the month of
January
if we had a modest little chance of
jostling the hierarchy to speed up
so you imagine we spared them
the guys so tonight and deserved
to really have fun
they took pleasure they did the
pleasure pleasure to the public last
question
finally even if you're 8th it's
a beautiful season for the union
begles-bordeaux you must be worthy I
believe one believes that one can be the
players can be proud of their
course they gave a lot they have
been very brave throughout the
season with their means with only one
quite a huge workload
so I wanted to greet congratulate them and
then and then it's true that I think
that it is really written of advanced but
necessarily seen some
logic also in the water in the
ranking
that's where we really are
level I do not know it starts from scratch the
next season but at the same time we have
acquired a lot of experience and
the players have been extraordinarily
there what I have to say
and then now there is the holidays